Why didn't you just
stick to the damn plan?
Castiel: The plan changed, Dean.
Something went wrong.
Yeah, why does that something
always seem to be you?
I don't think
there's anything left to say.
Where are you going?
I think it's time
for me to move on.
Rowena: Magic can do anything.
I'll absorb the ghosts and
demons and return them to Hell.
To perform this spell,
I have to die,
but it has to be you
that kills me.
There has to be
another way.
Goodbye, boys.
♪ Took your car to the river,
it was midnight ♪
♪ Moon so bright that we didn't
need the headlights ♪
Mrs. MacLeod?
It's Jessie, from 3C?
Haven't seen you in a while.
Everything okay?
♪ Couldn't see where you stood
♪ And it was quiet,
it was so quiet ♪
Aperiatur.
♪ It was quiet,
it was so quiet ♪
Okay.
Game on.
♪ It was so quiet
♪ Water cold, but it couldn't
stop the fires ♪
♪ Helicopters overhead,
keeping rhythm with the choirs ♪
♪ 20,000 abandoned their homes
♪ They were gathered
at the church ♪
♪ 'Cause there's nowhere
left to go ♪
♪ And it was quiet,
it was so quiet ♪
♪ I got out,
left my clothing on the hood ♪
♪ You were so sure,
we did everything we could ♪
♪ And it was quiet,
it was so quiet ♪
Come on!
Where is the good stuff?
♪ It was quiet,
it was so quiet ♪
♪ All the while,
you were holding my hand ♪
♪ You were looking in my eyes
like you'd knew I'd understand ♪
♪ And the water in my lungs
brings the safety ♪
♪ Like the drugs,
like the drugs ♪
Hey.
You know
they still put, um,
jokes on the backs
of these things.
Listen to this one --
What's round and bad-tempered?
"A vicious circle."
'Cause it's --
Yeah, I -- I --
Wait a second, did you eat
the whole box?
Yeah. Yeah.
Because I'm a champion.
Wait a second.
So I've been looking for signs
of -- of God or -- or Lilith,
and you've been in your room,
eating cereal.
And marathoning
"Scooby-Doo."
Well,
did you find anything?
No, not yet.
Shocker.
Hey, did you notice anything
weird just now when you came in?
No. Why, did you have another
one of your visions?
No. I haven't had a vision
since Colorado.
I think
maybe they stopped.
Oh, I doubt it.
Not until Chuck gets
his end game, you know?
The Winchester Bowl.
Can and Abel 2.0.
This is God
we're talking about.
G-O-D.
Wouldn't be too worried
about finding him.
He'll find us.
Andy: Hey, Clarence.
Morning.
Come on in, early bird.
Well...
What can I do for ya?
Bait working out good?
Oh, yeah.
The...
Bait's good.
I think it's the fish.
They've begun
to anticipate me.
Yeah,
fish can be smart.
I'd switch up spots.
Maps are over there.
I had a friend who always
praised fishing
for its meditative
qualities.
Wish I found it
more relaxing.
Andy...
is everything all right?
Oh, uh...
I'm, uh, volunteer
fire department.
We pulled a body out of the lake
this morning.
Missing kid.
Shane Coogan.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
You know, not my first
dead body, but...
Ah, the way he looked,
I guessed he drowned.
Except he was juiced.
Juiced?
Mm. Like drained,
like, of his blood.
Weird, huh?
Is that everything
for you?
Yeah.
Eileen?
Hi, Sam.
Dean:
So, you were in Hell?
You didn't make a deal.
You were innocent.
You've been down there
this whole time?
The Hellhound that killed me
kind of dragged me there.
Damn.
Yeah, um,
she escaped when, uh,
Chuck blew all the doors open,
and then...
I hauled ass.
Far as I could.
So by the time
we got the barrier up,
you were already gone.
Been trying to get you guys
to see me for a while now.
This whole ghost thing doesn't
really come with a handbook.
Look, I don't know
how all this works,
but I know how it ends.
We go crazy.
We hurt people.
I can't stay here,
and I won't
go back down there.
So I thought...
You guys know angels.
Maybe if you put in a good word,
you know, up there...
Eileen, even if we did,
it wouldn't matter.
Souls from Hell
can't go to Heaven.
A friend of ours
just found that out.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Me too.
Nice, man.
Real sensitive.
You want me to
sugarcoat it?
No, I don't want --
of course not.
But, Dean --
There may be
an Option B.
Do we have any of those
soul catchers,
you know, like the ones
we used in Harlan?
You want to trap Eileen in
a prison full of psycho ghosts?
No, no, no.
Not with them.
We'd -- We'd make her her own,
you know?
Look, it's better
than where she was,
and it's better than
where she's going.
Dean, that spell --
it's not exactly easy.
Okay, but, you know, you're
like, uh, Rowena's protégé.
You're a regular
Ginger Jr.
Even if I could,
I would need a crystal.
I mean, those were
Rowena's thing.
Okay. Look, man, this blows.
I get it.
I don't make the rules.
A soul from Hell
can't go to Heaven.
All right, look, if it's what
Eileen wants, then...
Maybe we can go
to Rowena's place
and look for a crystal,
or something.
I've been meaning to go there
anyways after, uh...
You know.
Great.
Do that.
Wait, wait.
You're not
coming with?
It's a milk run.
You're --
You know what, Dean,
ever since God got back,
you've been acting like
there's nothing we can do,
like nothing matters,
but we can do this.
Man, this matters.
And that's why you're gonna
kick it in the ass.
When will
the Sheriff be back?
Five minutes?
An hour?
It's Tuesday, Agent.
He gets his hair cut
on Tuesday.
He gets his hair--
I see.
You're FBI?
I thought you were renting
the Doweling cabin.
Uh, small town...
Uh...
I'm, uh --
I'm on vacation.
But you're looking into
that missing boy,
the one that they found
in the lake?
Do you know him?
Uh, no, but I --
I think my son's missing,
too.
Um...
I -- I let him camp out
last night,
and he was supposed to be back
first thing this morning.
Honey,
it's only a few hours.
He'll turn up.
She thinks
I'm overreacting
because this town,
it's like a postcard,
but now, with that other boy,
I just --
I...
I need to find my son.
Right.Please, um, Agent, um...
Um...Worley.
Can you help me?
Of course.
I --
I'm sorry.
I wish there was
more we could do.
I hate this for you.
Whatever that crystal is,
I'll take it.
At least I won't be...
you know.
Yeah.
I've been there, too --
uh, Hell.
A long time ago.
You try and forget,
but it gets inside you.
Talking helps.
I can't.
Not yet.
I understand.
Not bad.
I'm impressed.
After we met,
I started practicing again.
I guess
some of it stuck.
Who's she?
I don't know.
Well, look at you.
Wait a second.
She was goth?
No, close.
I recognize that.
It's from
the "Ordo maleficarum."
A witch.
Yeah.
Looks like
she tore this place apart.
I mean, maybe she got into
something she shouldn't have.
Great.
Okay, let's just find
what we're looking for
and get out of here.
Sheriff Roy:
Melly Krokowski.
From the day that woman graced
us with her presence,
it's always something --
too much fluoride
in the water,
not enough vegan options
at the 4th of July parade,
that we even have
the 4th of July parade.
Sheriff,
her son is missing.
And maybe if this were New York,
I'd be worried.
Here?
A teenager stays out too long,
he's probably with his buddies
sobering up.
So people rarely
go missing here?
I mean, not locals.
But it is
a tourist town.
Some years,
we lose a hiker.
Somebody drowns.
Like Shane Coogan?
No.
Shane came out for last year's
Bluegrass festival.
Parents
raised a big stink,
but locals saw him
holed up in the woods.
Opioids.
Wound up in the lake.
O.D.'d.
I'd like to take a look
at the body.
Already on its way
to Cheyenne.
We don't have an M.E.
Well, any case work you do have
will be fine.
Which office you say you were
from again, Agent Worley?
Special Agent.
D.C.
You got a supervisor
I could talk to,
make it official?
Dean: This is
Assistant Director Kaiser.
Uh...
This is Sheriff Alden Roy.
Just checking on
Agent Worley.
Would you put my agent
on the phone, please?
He wants to
talk to you.
Hello?
Cass.
Sam's been trying
to call you.
I know.
Did you check his messages?Nope.
Right. Smart.
Why would you?
Look, I don't know if you care
or not, but, uh...
God -- Chuck -- is back on
the board, so watch yourself.
And check
your damn messages.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, sir.
I'll get you those files.
Thank you.
This is just junk.
Tarot cards,
self-help books.
Where's her real stash?
Eileen?
Sam?
In here.
Ta-da!
Sam?
Uh...
She kept journals.
Rowena?
Yeah.
Her spell work.
All of it.
Right up until
the end.
You miss her.
I killed her.
Her idea.
She, uh, sacrificed herself
to save us.
To --
To save the world.
You ever feel like you're the
punch line to some cosmic joke?
Are you kidding?
Rowena got it.
I mean, she didn't know
all the details,
but she knew
the game was rigged.
So this --
Magic.
This is how
she kept control.
No way.
Sam.
What's going on?
Okay.
When my mom was killed, uh,
Rowena tried to bring her back,
but she couldn't.
She needed a body,
which we didn't have.
Turns out, Rowena was working on
a way to bring her back,
a way around that, a-a way to
make the spirit flesh.
She didn't use it?
We ended up finding out my mom
was in Heaven already and happy,
so...
She never finished it.
But...
I think
I can finish it.
So?
So...
Eileen,
we can bring you back.
All right.
That's everything.
Sam?
What's happening?
My brother.
Umbra, abi.
Hello, Sam.
Sam: Who are you?
Rowena MacLeod
is dead.
We came for
what she left behind,
and just when we thought
we wouldn't get it...
You come along.
Hmm.
Lucky us.
What?
The apartment's hexed.
It's potent magic.
Anyone who
steps insides dies.
Except, apparently,
you.
Mm-hmm.
Surprised?
Yeah. Me too.
I only know Rowena
by reputation.
Respect, but...
To imagine her leaving all
her Earthly treasures to you...
So the body we found...
That was one of yours.
Mm.
Jacinda, my oldest.
She's young.
She'll learn.
Now you're gonna
bring her back.
Well,
of course I am, yeah.
This is good magic.
Listen, you need me.
Hmm.
You want Rowena's stuff?
I can get it for you.
But I need that spell.
Oh. Hm.
I'm sorry, no.
I'd never
give up my girl.
Okay,
then we'll both use it.
We can't. A spell like this,
you can only use once.
Show Death a loophole,
and she closes it.
And, well, I think
you'll help us anyway.
Emily.
Borrowed
some of your hair.
Hmm.
Now, a choice --
you can do as you're told
and die quick.
Or you can play tough and...
Oh.
...and die slowly.
It's up to you.
Hm.
Okay,
so I followed you.
Melly,
you shouldn't be here.
Please, Agent Worley,
you have to let me help.
I told Caleb to get off
"Fortnite,"
to get some fresh air.
This isn't your fault.
What are those X's?
They're where they found --
A number of people have
gone missing in this area.
And you think Caleb...
No, he wouldn't come out here.
He knows it's not safe.
With the mine?
Mine?
Yeah,
the old silver mine.
The EPA shut it down
in the '70s -- toxic runoff.
Can you show me
where it is?
No.
But I can take you.
Okay.
Stay close.
It's Emily, right?
Is this your thing,
robbing dead people?
No talking.
Right.
Make it quick,
just the good stuff.
Hey, I can look for something
to cover her up.
Do you think
she's pretty?
Everyone
thinks she's pretty.
I mean, uh,
she's dead.
For now.
Were you close?
She made my life hell.
Really?
What did she do?
Listen, I get it.
All right?
I mean, I --
I have an older brother.
When I was 10, he -- he put
superglue in my toothpaste.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Once,
she made me invisible --
for a week.
Okay, well,
that's not so --
And she tried to
sell my soul to a demon
and she turned my first crush
into a water balloon --
and popped him.
Oh.
And then she got mean.
Start packing.
Are we close?
I think so.
Thanks for doing this
on your vacation.
Well,
it's not really a --
I needed
to step away.
Burnout's a bitch,
right?
Yeah.
My colleagues and I, we, uh --
I guess you could say we had
a falling out with management.
Well,
and each other.
Trust me, I get it.
I used to work in finance.
Back in '08, all the bosses
promised big changes,
but nothing really changes,
so I cashed out,
took the kid,
moved here.
Thing is, taking yourself
out of the game
doesn't really
change the game.
But I had to, for Caleb,
who says moving here
ruined his life.
Half the time,
we're at each other's throats.
Well, I'm sorry.
No,
we'll get through it.
Melly, you have to prepare
yourself for something.
What?
There are things in this world
that aren't human.
Shane Coogan was killed by one,
a djinn, I think.
I'm sorry, a what?
Monsters are real,
and, given the number of
missing people in the area,
I think this mine
may be a lair,
and, if it is, I don't want you
to see what's inside.
-But I don't want --
-Mom?
Mom?
Caleb!
Oh!
Steve was a good bunny.
But Jessie needed his bones,
so.
Yeah.
Sorry, that's, uh --
Wow.
I yelled at her, and she turned
my tongue into a snake.
I still have the scars
where it bit me.
You know what?
Listen.
She doesn't
have to come back.
All right?
You heard your mom.
That spell
only works once.
If you give it to me --
She'd kill me.Not if you ran.
Rowena was
a very powerful witch,
maybe the most powerful
of all time.
I'll give you her books,
her journals --
whatever you want.
Y-You could
go somewhere else,
start over again.
Liar!
I know --
I know I wasn't supposed to
be out here, but I --
It's okay, honey.
Just tell us what happened.
You're not gonna
believe me.
Yes, we will.
I saw some guy dragging
a dead body to the lake.
I couldn't see his face,
so I grabbed my phone,
I tried to bust his ass,
but...
It was a monster.
I-I ran, but I fell,
I broke my phone
and messed up my ankle.
I was hiding.
I was so scared.
The monster -- did you get
a good look at it?
Sheriff Roy:
Yeah, he did.
Unfortunately.
Been looking for you.
I try not to kill
more than I have to,
but now you and the kid are
just such a big pain in my ass.
You won't hurt them.
That right?
Whoa. Whoa.
It's always you --
you selfish little men
in positions of authority.
You take what you want,
you take who you want.
And you believe that your power
will protect you.
Well, it won't protect you
from me.
Let's go.
Don't make me hurt you.
Witch-killing bullets.
Dean, wait, she's --
Let her go,
or he dies.
Well, it looks like
we got ourselves
a little bit
of a stand-off.
Two on two.
More like two on three.
Ad elicienda alvos.
Torto ventre.
The doll!
Kill him!
Ad elicienda alvos.
Torto ventre.
Torto ventre.Not today, bitch.
About time.
Ad elicienda alvos.
Torto ventre.
Congelentur venae.
Cor marcascatur et in thorace
concidatur.
I'll grind your heart
to dust.
Congelentur venae.
Cor marcascatur et in thorace
concidatur.
Con--
You -- How?
I learned
from the best.
Start packing.
O Ichor, igne putrefaciatur,
ex sanguine flagrante,
te invoco.
Eileen!
Her -- Her body!
Come on.
So you --
Dropped him
in the lake.
I think I can help.
May I?
Holy crap!
What -- What?
That's a...miracle.
Were you sent by God?
Melly, I can't
explain it to you.
I --
Well, even if I could,
I think you're better off
not knowing.
What does that mean?
It means
I'm happy I met you,
and I'm glad
we found your son.
But now you're leaving.
Yeah.
If I stay,
nothing changes.
It's time for me to
get back in the game.
Okay, so...
I just, um...
get in?
Yeah.
I guess.
Then I say the words.
Mortuum oritur.
Rutum revertitur.
Ex spiritu incarnatum est.
Oriatur et educatur.
Eileen?
Sam?
Thank you.
How's Eileen?
She, uh --
She's asleep.
She had a big day.
Well, so did you.
Hex bags.
New body.
So, what, are you
some kind of witch now?
Nah, I got lucky.
Yeah.
I just wish we knew about
that spell for Mom.
You did good today, man.
I did jack.
You killed a witch,
saved my ass.
Yeah, I guess so.
You know what,
I've been thinking about
something you said,
about how we don't make
the rules, and you're right.
We don't.
We never have.
But that doesn't mean
we can just give up.
Oh, come on, man.
We have moves to make here,
Dean.
We do.
I mean, you think Chuck
wanted me to shoot him?
Of course not.
You sure about that?
Maybe that was part of the plan,
you know?
That's the thing, man.
I don't know what's God
and what isn't,
and it's driving me crazy.
All I'm saying is
we'll find a way to beat him.
We will.
I don't know how yet,
but we will
'cause we're the guys
who break the rules.
But I can't do it
without you.
I can't.
Just like I couldn't do it today
without you.
I need my brother.